README.rst, before:

nuts-crypto
###########

Go crypto lib for Nuts service space

.. image:: https://circleci.com/gh/nuts-foundation/nuts-crypto.svg?style=svg
    :target: https://circleci.com/gh/nuts-foundation/nuts-crypto
    :alt: Build Status

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/nuts-crypto/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://nuts-documentation.readthedocs.io/projects/nuts-crypto/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/nuts-foundation/nuts-crypto/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
    :target: https://codecov.io/gh/nuts-foundation/nuts-crypto

.. image:: https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d17595243fd7424fbe743da68c8dcbfc
    :target: https://www.codacy.com/app/woutslakhorst/nuts-crypto

The crypto module is written in Go and should be part of nuts-go as an engine.

Dependencies
************

This projects is using go modules, so version > 1.12 is recommended. 1.10 would be a minimum.

Running tests
*************

Tests can be run by executing

.. code-block:: shell

    go test ./...

Building
********

This project is part of https://github.com/nuts-foundation/nuts-go. If you do however would like a binary, just use ``go build``.

The server API is generated from the open-api spec:

.. code-block:: shell

    oapi-codegen -generate server,types -package api docs/_static/nuts-service-crypto.yaml > api/generated.go

Generating mocks
****************

.. code-block:: shell

   mockgen -destination=mock/mock_client.go -package=mock -source=pkg/client.go Client

README
******

The readme is auto-generated from a template and uses the documentation to fill in the blanks.

.. code-block:: shell

    ./generate_readme.sh

This script uses ``rst_include`` which is installed as part of the dependencies for generating the documentation.

Documentation
*************

To generate the documentation, you'll need python3, sphinx and a bunch of other stuff. See :ref:`nuts-documentation-development-documentation`
The documentation can be build by running

.. code-block:: shell

    /docs $ make html

The resulting html will be available from ``docs/_build/html/index.html``

Configuration
=============

The following configuration parameters are available for the event service.

===================================     ====================    ================================================================================
Key                                     Default                 Description
===================================     ====================    ================================================================================
crypto.storage                          fs                      storage to use, 'fs' for file system
crypto.fspath                           .                       when file system is used as storage, this configures the path where keys are stored
crypto.keysize                          2048                    number of bits to use when creating new RSA keys
===================================     ====================    ================================================================================

As with all other properties for nuts-go, they can be set through yaml:

.. sourcecode:: yaml

    crypto:
       keysize: 4096

as commandline property

.. sourcecode:: shell

    ./nuts --crypto.keysize 4096

Or by using environment variables

.. sourcecode:: shell

    NUTS_CRYPTO_KEYSIZE=4096 ./nuts

Commit message:

Added JWS support in SignFor() and VerifyWith()

README.rst, after:

nuts-crypto
###########

Go crypto lib for Nuts service space

.. image:: https://circleci.com/gh/nuts-foundation/nuts-crypto.svg?style=svg
    :target: https://circleci.com/gh/nuts-foundation/nuts-crypto
    :alt: Build Status

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/nuts-crypto/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://nuts-documentation.readthedocs.io/projects/nuts-crypto/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/nuts-foundation/nuts-crypto/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
    :target: https://codecov.io/gh/nuts-foundation/nuts-crypto

.. image:: https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d17595243fd7424fbe743da68c8dcbfc
    :target: https://www.codacy.com/app/woutslakhorst/nuts-crypto

The crypto module is written in Go and should be part of nuts-go as an engine.

Dependencies
************

This projects is using go modules, so version > 1.12 is recommended. 1.10 would be a minimum.

Running tests
*************

Tests can be run by executing

.. code-block:: shell

    go test ./...

Building
********

This project is part of https://github.com/nuts-foundation/nuts-go. If you do however would like a binary, just use ``go build``.

The server API is generated from the open-api spec:

.. code-block:: shell

    oapi-codegen -generate server,types -package api docs/_static/nuts-service-crypto.yaml > api/generated.go

Generating mocks
****************

.. code-block:: shell

   mockgen -destination=mock/mock_client.go -package=mock -source=pkg/client.go Client

README
******

The readme is auto-generated from a template and uses the documentation to fill in the blanks.

.. code-block:: shell

    ./generate_readme.sh

This script uses ``rst_include`` which is installed as part of the dependencies for generating the documentation.

Documentation
*************

To generate the documentation, you'll need python3, sphinx and a bunch of other stuff. See :ref:`nuts-documentation-development-documentation`
The documentation can be build by running

.. code-block:: shell

    /docs $ make html

The resulting html will be available from ``docs/_build/html/index.html``

Configuration
=============

The following configuration parameters are available for the event service.

===================================     ====================    ================================================================================
Key                                     Default                 Description
===================================     ====================    ================================================================================
crypto.storage                          fs                      storage to use, 'fs' for file system
crypto.fspath                           .                       when file system is used as storage, this configures the path where keys are stored
crypto.keysize                          2048                    number of bits to use when creating new RSA keys
crypto.signature                        plain-rsa               signature format to use when signing data (options: plain-rsa, jws)
                                                                'plain-rsa' is the format currently in use but since we want to migrate to JWS
                                                                in future 'jws' was added. You should not switch to 'jws' unless everyone else
                                                                in the network supports it.
===================================     ====================    ================================================================================

As with all other properties for nuts-go, they can be set through yaml:

.. sourcecode:: yaml

    crypto:
       keysize: 4096

as commandline property

.. sourcecode:: shell

    ./nuts --crypto.keysize 4096

Or by using environment variables

.. sourcecode:: shell

    NUTS_CRYPTO_KEYSIZE=4096 ./nuts
